Migrate wiki changelog to github documentation as code (#113)
jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

### Version 1.32
PLACEHOLDER DATE, 2019

- Migrate changelog from wiki to github, add README ([PR \#113](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/113))

### Version 1.31
Oct 22, 2019

> **WARNING**: This version (1.31) introduced a bug where the binary will not be able to launch the script
> on non-x86 platforms and container-based agents that do not have access to the agent node's root directory.
 
-   Update ssh-slaves ([PR \#100](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/100))
-   Do not fail tests when run on a machine without Docker installed.
    ([PR \#101](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/101))
-   Improve watcher logging
    ([PR \#102](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/102))
-   Refactor UNIX unit tests for greater test coverage
    ([PR \#103](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/103))
-   Allow setting pwsh as Powershell executable
    ([PR \#112](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/111))

> -   Bugfix: Use setsid instead of nohup ([JENKINS-25503](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-25503))

Reviewer: Important to mention the system property that allows this behavior to be disabled.

        - The two shell processes (610-640KB) and single sleep process (548KB) are replaced by
          a single process (~2560KB)

> ### Version 1.30

Reviewer 2: There seems to be some formatting here

Reviewer 2: @car-roll The github diff still shows it as italicised

Author: I think the italicised is just how github is showing the raw md file. In the file view, everything looks fine:
https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/blob/90dc80d05db44255b9b8283c971064bc051b487a/CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

### Version 1.32
PLACEHOLDER DATE, 2019

- Migrate changelog from wiki to github, add README ([PR \#113](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/113))

### Version 1.31
Oct 22, 2019

> **WARNING**: This version (1.31) introduced a bug where scripts will not be able to launch on non-x86 platforms and
> container-based agents that do not have access to the agent node's root directory.
 

> >**NOTE**: To revert to previous release behavior, pass the environment variable FORCE_SHELL_WRAPPER=true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE**: To revert to previous release behavior, pass the system property `org.jenkinsci.plugins.durabletask.BourneShellScript.FORCE_SHELL_WRAPPER=true` to the Java command line used to start Jenkins.
```

## Changelog

### Version 1.32
Oct 28, 2019

- Migrate changelog from wiki to github, add README ([PR \#113](https://github.com/jenkinsci/durable-task-plugin/pull/113))
- Disable binary wrapper (introduced in 1.31) by default.
    - This addresses the issues where the binary attempts to launch on agents where the cache dir is unavailable (namely containerized agents)
      or agents running on uncommon architectures.
      ([JENKINS-59903](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-59903), [JENKINS-59907](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-59907))
    - To enable binary wrapper, pass the system property

>       `org.jenkinsci.plugins.durabletask.BourneShellScript.FORCE_SHELL_WRAPPER=false` to the Java command line used to start Jenkins.

Author: PR added here: #115
